chore: add software-terms-legacy.txt (#4453)
streetsidesoftware/cspell-dicts: dictionaries/software-terms/src/README.md

Please feel free to make suggestions, additions, and corrections.

## Adding Words

Contributions are welcomed and encouraged, please read this whole file to figure out where to add words.

### Dictionary structure

### Computing Acronyms

- [computing-acronyms.txt](./computing-acronyms.txt) - Acronyms and abbreviations.

### Coding Terms -- General words used while coding

- [coding-terms.txt](./coding-terms.txt) is a good place for general words used while coding. These words are uncommon in general English speech and writing,
but encountered while writing code.

### Software Terms

- [software-terms.txt](./software-terms.txt) - Concepts and terms taught in a software development course.

> [!NOTE]
> This file is unfortunately the result of years of contributions without clear rules.
> It is known to contain words that should not be in this `software-terms` dictionary.

> > It contains words that should have been added to English or `en_shared` dictionaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this is necessary to say. English is not always enabled while coding.

> It also contains tools, products, applications, and even some brands, all these are now in other files from this dictionary.

> [!WARNING]

> > For compatibility reason, no words should be removed from this dictionary, it would break the CI of some projects.
> >
> > Instead, please move them into the [software-terms-legacy.txt](./software-terms-legacy.txt).
> >
> > They will remain in the `software-terms` dictionary by doing so, and they will be clearly identified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For compatibility reason, please move non-relevant words into the [software-terms-legacy.txt](./software-terms-legacy.txt) or one of the other word lists. This will help with future clean up.
>
> Words moved to software-terms-legacy.txt will remain in the `software-terms` dictionary by doing so they will be clearly identified for possible deprecation.
```
